now we have the goal of the work of the poles that we have 2008 16
the profile is here that may be the display St
and protz but the multi-touch function
should be present we were told the conspicuous it but also the weight
ESP weighs over a kilo
and the Zurich is provided with a windows surface or
So that Windows 7 operating system is very much
including b
but it's also a business application so that's it
only goal for a few topics Ademi a castle does not exist but it
there is only one cf at the end again to see the same
otherwise there is an intel processor with ddr3 memory even two each
one doing it but you can still work through a grant Nord 2 in
push
JAL can be an important point still from the keys here
um man did not have the opportunity to join a sim card with it
but how long is there
Crowns back also a lan connection primarily that every time from the side
consider
then Meyer wants the VW connection and ducks usb-3 0 connection
Here we have the loudspeaker
that there should be 1 4 5 watts to the speakers yes and here
We also have this conspicuous lan connection the Vatican Council
which does not exist
Headphones and microphones can of course also be addressed
the operation of the device itself should be about four hours
But it's like you're in from
USA very thick so Prague Allardyce as difficult to hold a hand before
Pricing details were not yet free of work in April should be selected in
the market come in Germany
Dr